[netskope] Add Netskope package (#2638)
elastic/integrations: packages/netskope/_dev/build/docs/README.md

# Netskope

This integration is for Netskope. It can be used
to receive logs sent by Netskope Cloud Log Shipper on respective TCP ports.

The log message is expected to be in JSON format. The data is mapped to
ECS fields where applicable and the remaining fields are written under
`netskope.<data-stream-name>.*`.

## Setup steps

> 1. Enable the integration with the TCP input in Kibana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure this integration with the TCP input in Kibana.

```

2. For all Netskope Cloud Exchange configurations refer to the [_Log Shipper_](https://docs.netskope.com/en/log-shipper.html).
3. In Netskope Cloud Exchange please enable Log Shipper, add your Netskope Tenant.
4. Configure input connectors:  
    1. First with all Event types, and
    2. Second with all Alerts type. 
    For detailed steps refer [_Configure the Netskope Plugin for Log Shipper_](https://docs.netskope.com/en/configure-the-netskope-plugin-for-log-shipper.html).
5. Creating mappings:
    1. Navigate to Settings -> Log Shipper -> Mapping.
    2. Click on Add mapping and paste mappings of Alerts mentioned below in Netskope Elastic Integration's Overview Page.
    3. Click on Add mapping and paste mappings of Events mentioned below in Netskope Elastic Integration's Overview Page.
6. Configure output connectors:
    1. Navigate to Settings -> Plugins.

>     2. Adding output connector **Elastic CLS**, select mapping created for Alerts and click **Next**, then paste the Events-validation in the **Valid Extensions** section for Alerts mentioned below in Netskope Elastic Integration's Overview Page.

Author: We have tried a few things to aad in-page anchor, which generally works for the README files, but for some reason it's not working in the Kibana UI. 
FWIW, the links that we add in README will open in a new tab and won't scroll down to the section. 

An alternative to this approach can be, we can add the Netskope configurations (Mappings and Validations) in separate files under docs directory and add URL to those files in the README instead. User can open raw file in new tab and easily copy the data from there. WDYT?

>     2. Adding output connector **Elastic CLS**, select mapping created for Alerts and click **Next**, then paste the Events-validation in the **Valid Extensions** section for Alerts mentioned below in Netskope Elastic Integration's Overview Page.

Reviewer 2: I think that leaving them out and filing an issue to follow up would be fine. This looks like it might be something that needs a feature in kibana. The link to raw files sounds like a reasonable approach though.

>     2. Adding output connector **Elastic CLS**, select mapping created for Alerts and click **Next**, then paste the Events-validation in the **Valid Extensions** section for Alerts mentioned below in Netskope Elastic Integration's Overview Page.

Author: Let's keep this as it is for now. We can update this once we get a generic solution to this from the kibana team so that we can maintain consistency throughout the platform.

    For detailed steps refer [_Elastic Plugin for Log Shipper_](https://docs.netskope.com/en/elastic-plugin-for-log-shipper.html).
7. Create business rules: 
    1. Navigate to Home Page > Log Shipper > Business rules.
    2. Create business rules with Netskope Alerts.
    3. Create business rules with Netskope Events.
    For detailed steps refer [_Manage Log Shipper Business Rules_](https://docs.netskope.com/en/manage-log-shipper-business-rules.html).
8. Adding SIEM mappings:
    1. Navigate to Home Page > Log Shipper > SIEM Mappings
    2. Add SIEM mapping for events: 
        * Add **Rule** put rule created in step 7.
        * Add **Source Configuration** put input created for Events in step 4.
        * Add **Destination Configuration**, put output created for Events in step 6.
    For detailed steps refer [_Configure Log Shipper SIEM Mappings_](https://docs.netskope.com/en/configure-log-shipper-siem-mappings.html).
9. *Please make sure to use the given response formats.*

## Compatibility

> This package has been tested against `Netskope version 91.1.0.605` and `Netskope Cloud Exchange version 3.1.5`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package has been tested against `Netskope version 91.1.0.605` and `Netskope Cloud Exchange version 3.1.5`.
```
